1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	The git was created, I can do the version control on this repository. With this, I can do experimental changes to the txt LOL.

2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is an intermidiate area between working directory and repository, which git allows you to get more control of the changes done on the repository, which is that you can add one file to the staging area at a time and bundles them to add to the repository to make a logical commit.

3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	By using git add, check git satus, git diff, git commit, git diff --staged.

4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	When you want to branch out to try some experimental change to your code. This will help you organize the experimental change by not changing to the master branch, and you don't need to change back and forward if the changes introduces new bugs or do not work out.

5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams makes me view the branch structure in a more clear and visual way.

6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	By merging two branches together, we combined the codes collaborated within a group. The reason why we represent it in a diagram is that we can view the branch and merging in a more systematic way.

7. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	the Git's automatic merging helps to facilitate collaboration to be efficient when there's no conflicts on the co-workers' coding, but it needs manually detection to decide which code to include when the same part of code is revised by both of the co-workers.
	
	However, doing merges manually can be time consuming and laborious, but you can keep track of what each coder did on the codes, and decide which new codes to replace the original one. That's necessary, since automatic merging needs doing merges manually when there are conflicts on the coding of two or more co-workers. 















