1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	It is a very quick and convenient way to find the bug with the help of the computer.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Since sometimes you may forget to save the previous version of a file, with this in mind, you can get easy access to the previous version.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Manually choosing when to create a commit would be more logical, but humans sometimes can make errors; while having versions automatically saved could cause the files to be very large, and not logical, but it won't forget to make commits like humans.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	I think it is becaused of the attribute of workflows, on Google docs, users tend to deal with documents separately, while like Git, programmers may have a much more systematic thinking pattern, they may link different files together, and interrelate them. That's why Git allows saving multiple files in one commit, while others treat each file separately.

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	I can use git log to view messages of commits, and use git diff to compare the difference between two commits. Though I realized deeper the commits in the log provided, the earlier the commits were saved.

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	
	I can go back and trace where the bug was introduced without having to check the codes line by line, that's fairly convenient, which could help saving a lot of time in the future.

7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	
	Hmm, I may try git for developing an iOs app? or some other programs.
















